Welcome to this episode of the Yawa vlog.
We're here in our ocean studio on the
aft deck here in our home above the
Caribbean Sea.
It's a delight to be with you.
I would normally complain that the trade
winds are a little blustier than they
would normally be.
And boy,
we've had a dip in our temperatures.
I think that the high today is only
going to be eighty four.
with a low of a frigid seventy seven
this evening.
But if I said such a thing,
knowing that the whole continental U.S.
all the way down to the tip of
Florida is in a cold streak and facing
really century caliber winter storms,
I might, you know,
generate quite the animosity.
So I won't say anything about any of
that.
So as not to
torment anybody with the notion that there
are warmer places to live.
Excuse my bringing up such things as my
Wookie is now sunning himself on the love
seat behind the program here.
When we do our Ocean Studio,
we're most often addressing the series
called Coming Home.
This is actually the last chapter of the
first volume of Coming Home.
There are currently three volumes
available, all free at yadaya.com.
There will soon be a fourth.
I'm continuing to add to, at this point,
the fourth volume because we came up with
a really interesting conclusion.
It happens to be the
last word picture.
It was written by Dode,
and it speaks of the intervention that
took place towards the end of his life
to reconcile his relationship with Yahweh
so that he could reconcile ours.
It is a real treat for the eyes.
And we're going to return to that very
subject this evening.
We will make progress into the
thirty-first Mishal, or proverb,
on Family Hour this evening.
It begins at six o'clock
Eastern Standard Time,
and obviously along the East Coast.
Oh, look what I have here.
I have my beloved co-host.
This is the great and wonderful Wookiee
that now is all upset that my iced
tea is not in a cup that is
to his liking.
Well,
considering otherwise how horrid we humans
have been to one another over the past
six thousand years,
it's truly amazing that without a single
altruistic civilization to show for the
human experience and all of that time that
God continues to endure the many for the
sake of the few.
And oh, my goodness,
do we have a few that are
Now,
I guess there's really many that are
making a mess of things in Washington,
D.C.
and around the world.
I wrote on a reply to an Elon
Musk text this morning where he was
bemoaning somebody that thought it would
have been a good thing.
for Donald Trump to have actually become a
martyr in one of the two assassination
attempts against him,
should either one of them have actually
been real and not campaign hype.
The reality is that over the next seven
and a half years,
Donald Trump is going to prove that he
is the most deceitful, dangerous,
destructive,
and deadly man who has ever lived,
who has ever occupied this planet.
And as a result of him over these
next seven and a half years,
there are going to be complete economic
collapse.
There's going to be the wholesale
degradation of nations.
We're going to witness world wars and
billions are going to die.
So this is what we're in store,
and this is not my opinion.
It isn't something that a far leftist has
opined.
I'm actually too conservative to be a
Republican.
And I've surmised all of this by studying
the prophets.
This is what they have said,
and they are never wrong.
So it's going to be a rough road
from now until the time that the author
of this mizmor or psalm returns.
And that is because for the likes of
Dode alone,
Yahweh would have done everything that he
has proclaimed,
and he would do it all over again.
It says,
as we rejoin the eighth mizmor or psalm.
Truly, when I look at and I observe,
ra'ah, I see.
Your heavens and the universe,
as well as the spiritual realm, Shamaim,
your lofty abode, and also the sky,
the stars, and the atmosphere above.
The accomplishments,
the products and extension,
the energy and effort from your
fingertips, the moon and the stars,
which to reveal the benefits of the
relationship you fashioned and formed.
What is Enosh?
mortal man well that is quite the question
and it says here continues by saying that
by comparison you are mindful of him and
that the son of man that surely you
take stock of him and you relate to
him goodness uh ms more lyrics to saying
psalm eight four again as i have shared
so many times there's a lot to unpack
here it begins by
the most important person that god ever
conceived dote who is known as david even
though dote is the proper pronunciation of
his name from the manuscripts and texts
that bear his name that he himself wrote
the name means beloved and he was the
ultimate student of yahweh
He wrote upwards of a hundred Psalms and
Proverbs.
He is not only the central figure in
God's story,
there are over one thousand one hundred
mentions of Dode's name in the Torah,
Prophets and Psalms.
Dode is the chosen one.
He is the Messiah.
He is the son of God.
And he is our savior.
He is the one who fulfilled Pesach,
Matzah, and B'kutim in thirty three C.E.
He was the one who was actually crucified.
He is the one who took our guilt
and carried it into Sheol.
He is the one who made first fruits,
which is first born children, B'kutim,
possible.
And all of those things were stolen from
him and given
to the myth of Jesus,
which is one of the greatest crimes ever
committed by the Jewish people.
And it has become the most popular
religion based entirely on the lie of
identity theft and counterfeit.
Dode is the central figure in God's story.
He is everything that is ascribed to
everyone else with the exception of He is
the closest thing that we will ever know
to God in our midst,
but He is not God.
He is Elion according to Yahweh,
which means He is the fullness of the
influence of God in our presence.
And Dode is the one who, as king,
is returning.
He will return on Yom Kippurim in year
six thousand year,
which is twenty thirty three C.E.
That's October second,
seven and a half years from now.
And it is our mission to proclaim
all of this to you.
He is the one who is observant here.
And by being observant,
he's doing one of the things that God
asked of us when he created the test
case for man in the garden,
the garden of great joy,
which we as the first man collectively
failed.
And this begins with him being observant.
It's what Yahweh said he wanted of Adam,
of man.
was to be observant, to be responsive,
to engage and make a contribution to the
relationship and to the world around him.
And then to be reliable,
to show that he could be trusted.
And of course,
on all three of these things,
Adam failed miserably.
Dode did not.
Although there were times in Dode's life,
which we are examining in our program
called The Last Life,
word picture we'll continue with that this
evening where dode had a major time out
with yahweh for bad behavior this was
ultimately resolved but it would take
considerable efforts to do so so dode
begins truly when i look at when i
observe when i see the universe and
We should just think for a moment,
and I've tried to convey this on numerous
occasions,
but I'm going to state it again.
We know that our universe contains at the
very least two trillion galaxies.
And that galaxies average anywhere from
one hundred billion stars to upwards of
four, five, six hundred billion stars.
Some have upwards of a trillion stars.
And that every galaxy is replete with
planets and moons.
The universe is big by standards that our
brains were not even designed to
contemplate.
The thing that is so remarkable about all
of that of trillions of galaxies with
hundreds of billions of stars each is that
that is only the known universe
The extent of what we can see because
that which is beyond that is so far
removed from us that during the time that
the universe has existed,
the light has not even reached us from
things further beyond that point.
And the universe is expanding to the point
that it will never reach this planet.
And that my friends is only five percent
of the universe.
Ninety-five percent is in a trap force and
a repellent one that I actually think are
more akin to dimensions.
And that's beyond all of that.
And the thing that is so remarkable about
our universe is that if you study the
story of Gan Eden,
it's presented as a protected and
sheltered enclosure that is conducive to
life.
you look at our planet it's the exact
same thing it is uniquely positioned such
that it is a sheltered enclosure that is
conducive to life there is no other place
in our solar system where life can exist
none not even close the moon is
exceedingly toxic so is mars there is no
way for humans to ever live on either
place they can go
Visit the moon briefly,
but if you don't get back in a
hurry, you're going to die.
And on Mars,
it is only a place that humans can
go to die and never to live.
And the rest of the solar system is
even less hospitable.
Beyond the fact that there can be no
other place where life can exist without
in our solar system and we have the
ideal scenario with the perfect size sun
and the perfect position within its galaxy
and the perfect rocky type planet with
the ideal size gaseous planets outside of
it to absorb all of the larger meteor
strikes so that our planet can still exist
with the perfect size moon and the perfect
place for us to enjoy tides and to
have our orbit be stabilized as it is,
all of things which are necessary to life
and, of course,
This great molten core that is inside of
our planet that creates this magnetic
protection from cosmic radiation.
Otherwise, again,
life would be annihilated.
But it's not just that the Earth is
a magnet.
a larger version of the microcosm that God
created in Gan Eden or that Yahweh was
transforming the entire earth to the
conditions of Eden when he returns or just
prior to his return,
ten days prior to his return with Dode
on Teruah in twenty thirty three year six
thousand.
Yeah.
So that we have a thousand years to
get the Eden experience right so that we
can do as Dode ultimately did,
show ourselves observant, thoughtful,
responsive, and reliable.
What I also want to share with you
is that there is this grossly over
fixation on physical bodies in religion.
Oh,
they have to be covered up in Christianity
and Islam and Judaism.
You can't see the flesh.
Flesh must be really bad, bad.
They are teased such that people actually
think that those that go to hell are
going to have their bodies tortured.
That's what the Quran says.
That's what the New Testament seems to
infer.
They believe that in heaven that there is
also a decadent treat of some sort that
are available to physical bodies.
That's why the religion of Christianity is
based upon bodily resurrection.
It's the dumbest thing ever.
While you have mass,
while you are comprised of matter,
you're stuck on this planet.
Might as well make the best of it.
It ain't going anywhere.
yeah we can go to the moon for
a few days but any longer and you're
going to die there and you aren't going
to go anyplace else other than to die
that's it and the problem the limiting
factor is our bodies no physical object
can be accelerated to the speed of light
It would take infinite energy to do so.
Even at ninety nine point nine percent of
the speed of light,
it would take more energy than is produced
by the sun to propel a spacecraft.
And even then it would be incredibly
vulnerable.
And even then you wouldn't get anywhere
within lifetimes.
I mean,
the closest star systems are comprised of
red dwarfs.
There's no life around a red dwarf.
It's too toxic.
And that's four and a half light years
away.
Just our own galaxy, the Milky Way,
is a hundred years.
was it a hundred thousand light years
across?
A hundred thousand.
Just in our neighborhood,
to find the nearest star that would be
conducive to having a planet around it
where life could exist,
you're looking at five thousand light
years.
One way.
Even if you knew exactly where it was.
Five thousand light years.
I mean, how many generations is that?
And you'd have to create a spaceship large
enough to have artificial gravity and
enough food and space and entertainment
for people to go through generations after
generation after generation.
You'd never get a spacecraft even to half
the speed of light with all the energy
that's available and our entire sun to
make that journey.
And it would take five thousand years.
And if you got there and it was
a disappointment, it's all over.
There's no coming back.
And that's just our galaxy.
The distances are so large.
And the speed constraint is the speed of
light.
You can't warp it.
There are no such thing as wormholes.
You can't exceed it.
And even at that speed,
it's a multi-generational process,
a millennial process to get anywhere.
And that's just in one of the two
trillion galaxies.
And that's just in the neighborhood,
in the same arm of just one of
two trillion galaxies.
So everything that's out there is nothing
but a sign of God's magnificence.
what it is and an invitation do you
want to accept what he's offering which is
to transform the carrier of our nephesh
souls which are essentially energy based
and enveloping them in light energy such
that we can go anywhere and do anything
where we are
enormously enriched and empowered and
enabled, becoming eternal,
because light just is.
Time exists on a photon of light.
That means that you can go from one
side to the other,
not just of a galaxy,
but the entire universe in literally no
time,
because time simply is on a photon of
light.
If you were,
no matter what the distance is,
speed is distance over time.
And if time is zero,
the blink of an eye gets you anywhere.
It's amazing what God is offering.
And when you come to appreciate the
difference between energy and matter,
then you have an appreciation.
of what God's offering.
This is what Dode was trying to convey
to us here.
When you consider the universe,
then you have an appreciation for all that
God's offering.
It is one of the reasons we are
so lucky to live in the time that
is enlightened by the likes of Albert
Einstein.
who not only told us that time is
relative so that we know time does not
flow at the same rate for all observers,
and in fact time simply is on a
photon of light at light speed,
and that time slows on the presence of
great energy or great matter,
and that it is relative to the observer.
It helps us understand how prophecy works
and how we become immortal and how we're
enriched and everything else.
It explains the nature of the Hebrew
language where verbs are not stuck in the
ordinary flow of time.
It explains exactly what God is offering
to us.
And in his most famous equation,
E equals MC squared,
what he is saying is that energy and
mass, energy and matter...
Mass is simply the measure of matter.
That they are equivalent in the sense
they're the same thing.
They just aren't.
They're vastly different amounts of the
same thing.
That matter is a diminished form of
energy.
You have to multiply it.
matter times the mass times the square of
the speed of light if you want them
to be equivalent so that is what's being
conveyed here and it is essential for you
to know that while you can look up
there and see millions upon millions of
stars at night that
no human no material being is ever going
to travel between them and that the only
way that we have access to all of
that and enjoy it and god can share
it with us is for us to be
transformed where we go from physical
bodies to having our soul enveloped in
light energy
So this then continues,
and it says that after, truly,
when I look at,
when I observe your heavens,
the universe and the spiritual realm,
the accomplishments of your fingers.
And the next thing here is the moon.
Now,
Dode spoke of the moon here and the
stars, but not of the sun.
Do you know why?
Because in Bar Reshith,
the opening book of the Torah,
in the first chapter, in the fourth day,
Yahweh makes an interesting distinction
between the greater and lesser luminaries.
And while the inference is that he's
talking about the sun and the moon and
that the sun creates light and it's
greater and the moon reflects light and
it's smaller,
that he's actually talking about two men.
The greater luminary is Dode.
You're listening to the lesser luminary.
And so Dode has...
been reacquainted with his role and the
restoration of life on the planet and he's
beginning to know who he is and so
now he is appreciative that the moon
reflects his brilliance during the time of
darkness he also recognizes that in the
fourth day yahweh doesn't say something
was created he says that the greater and
lesser luminaries so they're both great
But collectively,
they serve as signs of the Moedim.
The Moedim are the seven annual meetings
with Yahweh.
Pesach, Matzah, and Mekoram,
which Dode fulfilled.
Shabuwa, which is on our horizon,
and which is my responsibility to
cultivate.
Followed by Teruah,
which is the final ingathering.
It is also that next day,
it is on the Shabbat of...
September, the fourth of the year,
it is when we will experience the
sacrifice of the red heifer and the mortal
remnant of Israel will be brought into
Jerusalem and purged of their religiosity
so that they are ready to celebrate the
great homecoming and Doe's return with
Yahweh.
It is also interesting, of course,
on that day that the moon will eclipse
the sun,
just as the earth's shadow will eclipse
the moon as we return to Gan Eden,
fifteen days thereafter on Sukkot.
So he's speaking of the moon,
and he's speaking also of the light of
the stars,
which is really God's invitation.
Do you want to come visit them?
They're there for you to see.
I want to show them to you.
Let me take my Wookie and have him
come back down.
All there for you to see because
collectively they do reveal the way to the
benefits of the relationship and the way
that they, Asher,
reveal the way to the benefits of the
relationship is that they tell us all
about light.
They tell us about the magnitude of this
creation.
It's one of the reasons why I'm just
astonished.
that there's a religion like Christianity,
which has reduced God to the size of
a man.
God is not a man.
Men cannot kill God.
A God that created a universe which is
at least four-dimensional,
and I think six,
to explain dark matter and dark energy,
the attractive and the repulsive forces.
which comprise ninety five percent of the
universe, the known universe,
and that the Shamaim, the heavenly realm,
spiritual realm is beyond that.
So it would be in the seventh dimension.
For a being to create something of the
magnitude of our universe,
he must be a dimension beyond it.
It has to be,
it's impossible for somebody in the same
dimension to create something enormous
within that dimension.
Um,
he would have to use the existing elements
of the dimension to create something just
like a, you know, I built this house.
Uh, so,
but I built it out of materials that
were already here to create something out
of nothing.
You have to be a dimension beyond.
And when we understand,
then you understand that God can't enter
our dimension.
He can't even enter.
All of God won't fit in the entire
universe that he created.
He's a dimension beyond it.
It's like saying that you want to put
Walt Disney into one of the Flatland cells
that he created for Minnie and Mickey
Mouse.
Can't be done.
He can relate through symbols,
through implements, through words,
but he can't enter their realm.
And it is the same thing with God.
God cannot be a man.
And when you recognize the magnitude of
the universe,
any rational person should immediately
reject Christianity and say,
this is the dumbest idea ever.
So the stars,
the magnitude of them definitely convey
this.
But what most people don't recognize as to
why he said that the moon does as
well.
Because it is this job,
the job of the lesser luminary of Baba
Rashid Genesis one to reveal Asher.
Asher happened to be the first word that
I translated twenty four and a half years
ago.
Asher is the name that has been ascribed
by Yah to my wife,
the very woman who helped Dode regain his
standing with God.
The program, again,
we're going to return to this evening.
Asher is the name here of my beloved
lab here at my feet.
Asher was one of the tribes of Yisrael.
Leah, back four thousand years ago,
said that she would be forever proclaimed
as Ashar, blessed and beneficial.
Ashar is one of the most amazing words
in the Hebrew lexicon.
Dode obviously appreciates that he
included it here,
but it's the first word he wrote in
this first psalm.
It's the first word I translated twenty
four and a half years ago when analyzing
one of the richest and most important
prophecies regarding Dode in Second Samuel
seven.
And it defines a relationship between
things.
It is translated as blessing and benefit.
It is to show the way to receive
the benefits of a relationship.
Which is how I've rendered it here.
And so that is the lesser luminaries
primary position,
the primary purpose of the moon.
And so Dode has laid it all out
here.
I'm not certain that anybody has picked up
on it or understood that prior to me
sharing it with you here,
but it is nonetheless there for all of
us to see.
And that is the purpose of us analyzing
God's communication to us so that we can
communicate it to you.
And so the very son of God says,
you have fashioned and formed what is all
of this.
And he says, so against all of this,
what is Enosh?
What is a mortal man?
Why did God create mortal man?
And, you know,
here we are on a planet where,
you know,
there could be life someplace else,
but we're never going to see it ever,
nor are they ever going to come here.
It's impossible.
Not unlikely.
It's absolutely impossible.
So God's saying, why do we exist?
What is mortal man when you consider the
overall scope of this universe?
I mean,
our planet isn't even a speck of sand
in our solar system.
And it isn't even a speck of sand
in every beach, every ocean,
every desert on earth by comparison to our
galaxy.
And our galaxy is literally nothing by
consideration of space.
And we are nothing compared to the scope
of our planet.
So what is mortal man?
What is Enosh?
By the way,
I made the correction yesterday,
but I want to make it again today.
It was brought up to me that I
confused Enoch with Enosh.
Enosh is a son related to Noach,
and his name means mortal man.
Enoch,
the person that walked with God and then
God took,
is actually from the CH sound.
It gets very poorly transliterated into
English, but it's from a root that says,
this man is trained and disciplined.
He has been instructed,
he has been taught,
and he is resolute in what he is
going to offer.
would be a very odd name for somebody
that we know nothing about other than he
was and he is no more,
other than he conducted his life with
Yahweh.
But he serves as really an indicator of
what this job of serving as the Lefter
Luminary is all about.
Because you will come and go throughout
time to accomplish things that God wants
done.
But the purpose is to recognize that
humankind, like all animals, we're mortal.
There's lots of confusion in that,
in religion,
to think that a human soul is something
that's special, but it's not.
Every animal, that would be every bug,
bird, snake, slug, snail,
we all have souls.
That's what differentiates animals from
plants.
A soul is that which can perceive what's
happening, can be observant,
pay attention to what's going on in their
environment and then respond to it.
It has the first two things that Yahweh
is looking for.
to accomplish with us,
looking for us to do,
to observe our environment and to respond
to them.
That is what a soul enables us to
do.
A nesama,
which he gave to humankind uniquely,
making Adam like God,
is the ability to accomplish the third
thing that God is looking for,
and that's for us to be reliable.
so that we can discern right and wrong,
good and bad.
And if we make a mistake,
get up from it,
learn from it and grow as a result,
prove that we can be trusted.
But all souls are mortal.
There is a way for souls to become
immortal in one or two ways.
So we need to recognize that the
overwhelming preponderance of souls,
probably on the range of ninety nine point
nine nine nine nine percent of souls
really are mortal.
At the end of a person's or animal's
existence, they simply cease to exist.
All that is known of them
is in the memory of those who interacted
with them no penalty for them but no
reward either no heaven no hell it solves
the conundrum that agnostics and atheists
have with the religious notion of a god
that would say you know either obey me
and love me or i will send you
to hell to be tortured forever because
such a god wouldn't be lovable or or
anything other than sadistic
But it solves that problem because when
you read through the Torah prophets and
Psalms,
you very quickly recognize the vast
majority of souls simply cease to exist.
Death is the end of their life.
No reward, no punishment.
Now you can earn an eternal stay in
Sheol.
Sheol is hell.
It is equivalent to a black hole.
There's no fires.
There's no torture.
It's just a place where there is no
escape and time is eternal.
That's what it is.
And so there are souls who have earned
the necessity of going there because they
have done something that misled others
away from God,
or they deliberately harmed God's people
in a horrible way.
And for those souls,
they will spend an eternity as recompense
because God's fair.
And then there are approximately one in a
million human souls,
according to God's math, one in a million,
that are going to come to know him,
be observant,
pay attention to the terms and conditions
of his covenant, accept them,
act upon them,
engage in such a way that you demonstrate
that you're willing to
Be observant, be thoughtful,
respond to what God is offering and
expecting,
and then show that you're reliable,
that you're steadfast,
that he can trust you.
And for those individuals,
there is an eternity as your soul is
enveloped in light energy and you have the
opportunity to exist in God's presence.
Those are the options,
and that's the difference between a mortal
and one who has gone beyond that.
And then he says that by comparison
between the moon, the greater luminary,
and the stars,
that compared to man that you would be
mindful of zakar.
Now, zakar is a loaded term.
It doesn't just mean zakar hu,
mindful of him.
Zakar as a verb means to remember,
and that's nice,
but the fact is that zakar also means
man.
So if you combine the verbal roots, zakar,
and zakar as the noun,
written exactly the same way,
it speaks of the most memorable of men.
And here, again, you would go back to
The opening chapter of the Torah of
Genesis, Bar Reshith, one.
And on the fourth day of creation,
God explains that two of the men that
you should be mindful of are the greater
and lesser luminaries because they serve
as the sign of the
the Mohedim.
As I had shared previously,
Dode fulfilled the first three, Pesach,
Matzah, and Bekutim.
I'm responsible for the next two,
which are Shabuwa and Teruah.
Dode returns with Yahweh on Kippurim,
and then
We collectively teach, instruct,
set ourselves up as examples to be
followed for the mortal remnant that is
allowed into the return of Eden on Sukkah,
on shelters in twenty thirty three,
such that we collaborate together.
Dode becomes the tree of lives.
I am the tree of knowledge.
I'm not making claims of who I am
for reasons of self-aggrandizement.
I would prefer to be anonymous in this
story, but that's not what Yahweh prefers.
And my responsibility is to do as he
has chosen.
So I'm going to tell you what he
has said.
And so the most memorable of man would
be this son of man.
This, it's Wah-Bah.
And that's particularly important because
Dode is the person who helped us develop
an appreciation for the fact that we could
achieve what Adam failed.
Adam failed to be observant.
He was not particularly thoughtful.
He did not engage and make any
contributions.
to the garden or to his relationship with
the Iowa.
And when he failed,
when he made a mistake,
he doubled and tripled down,
becoming all the worse for it.
So Dode is just the opposite.
Here, you're seeing him
speak of how observant he is looking at
the universe and considering the contrast
between a mortal man and the universe and
then speaking of the role of the moon
and the stars and conveying the path to
receive the benefits of this relationship
and then making the comparison between the
two and then drawing right down to the
most memorable of men and to the son
of man so he is
not only observant and thoughtful,
he is also engaged because he wrote all
this down for us to contemplate
thereafter,
an exceedingly important thing for him to
have accomplished, him to have engaged in.
And as we are discovering in our evening
program,
the final word picture,
Dode made his share of mistakes.
So he proves that God is not looking
for perfect.
That would be boring.
It would be counterproductive, actually,
for him to have been perfect,
for any of us to be perfect.
He is looking for someone that when they
make a mistake can recover from it,
because it is only through our failures
that we are forged in terms of a
character that is capable of showing that
we have value, that we have merit.
so dote is the opposite of adam so
he is the son of man that would
matter most to god and this says surely
you take stock of him and you relate
to him you relay your message to him
um when yahweh
began communicating through Moshe,
and they met on the top of Mount
Chorob.
And Moshe came down with the book of
Bar Reshith Genesis,
and he came down with the
ten statements on the two tablets of stone
twice because he broke the first set he
was naturally angry that he came down
after hearing god speak against religion
and having saved the people from religion
and politics and the caste system that
they were out being religious and and had
created and were worshiping a golden calf
and he says
He broke that set.
So it came to the second set.
So what God decided that he would do
is that, that he told Moshe, you know,
you gotta,
you got three days here to get them
all cleaned up and all prepped and
everything and all prepared.
And I'm going to bring my fiery lights,
not all of God,
but it's a representation of God through
light.
And I'm going to come down and I'm
going to speak directly to the children of
Israel.
So you've got three days to get their
act together, get all prepared,
get all scrubbed up, their best outfits,
you know, we'll have this meeting.
And the purpose of the meeting is for
me to reassure them that I am speaking
through you,
that this is the way that we have
thought is the best way
way to communicate because you're
obviously literate.
You can write all this down.
If I communicate it to you,
then not only can you communicate it to
them,
but it can be retained accurately
throughout the ages.
So God was already committed to that plan.
When he came down and his brilliant fire
light was present before the children of
Israel and his booming voice was speaking
directly to them,
the children of Israel said, no, no, no,
no.
You need to go away.
We don't want to see you or hear
from you again.
And while it's stated that bluntly in
Dabarim, in Yahweh's voice,
it is couched a little bit nicer in
the first episode where it says,
we prefer you to communicate through the
likes of Moshe.
And God's response to this was, I agree.
It is in their best interest.
We're gonna have a far higher likelihood
of success if I choose people along the
way that I prepare and that are properly
committed, that I can speak through,
as opposed to directly to masses of
people.
So this idea that God answers your prayer
and that he spoke to you or said
this, that's nonsense.
God speaks through very few people.
And when Moshe's sister, Miriam,
in the eleventh chapter of Numbers,
was complaining,
and I guess it was the twelfth chapter
of Numbers.
It's a meltdown in the eleventh chapter.
It's a different story, but powerful.
The twelfth chapter of Numbers.
And she has this meltdown,
and after Moshe's meltdown, she says,
you know, we too,
speaking of she and Aaron,
also speak for God.
And God says, no.
No, you don't.
And
And this is a person who had been
labeled a prophetess because she led the
women's chorus on the Song of the Sea
as they passed through the Gulf of Aqaba
unscathed,
and the Pharaoh's army was drowned in that
process.
And God said, no, no, you don't.
When I speak through someone,
They know it.
First of all,
I choose people based upon their
responsiveness.
And he said that Moshe was the most
responsive.
But beyond that,
they know it and you know it.
Because I have made it abundantly clear.
I will have so many affirmations and
designations,
prophecies and overt statements about that
individual.
As I say,
the first time I mentioned is in the
first chapter of
of Bar Rashid's Genesis,
first chapter of the Torah.
And in one of the last chapters of
the Torah, in Dabarim,
there's a better part of a chapter
dedicated to the Nakar,
the observant foreigner,
who will be present in these last days
to do precisely what I'm doing for you
now.
So God says, no,
if you're going to speak for me,
you know it.
And so here we recognize that
that what Dode is saying is that you
find memorable men.
You make them know.
There's no anonymity here.
They know who they are.
And you clearly state that they're
speaking for you.
You prove it.
And then it's up to the rest of
the world after you've taken stock in
these sons of man and that you relate
to them for us then to relate to
the rest of you.
to convey your message because God has
chosen this means of communicating with
us.
And the reason he chooses it is that
he's not overpowering in this way.
You can choose to deny him if you
want to.
You can choose to turn a myth into
a man-god if you're a Christian,
or Hashem is your replacement God if
you're into Judaism,
or you can turn a snake into God,
or a rock if your preference is Islam.
So it gives the world the opportunity to
create gods in their own image and worship
them and to reject Yahweh or to use
all of the information He has communicated
to embrace Him, to accept Him,
to act upon what He has provided.
You just have to do the same four
things that were requested of Adam.
Dode actually did,
that I'm trying to model here before you.
That means you must be observant.
You must pay attention to what's going on,
to what Yahweh had to say.
Then you must be thoughtful.
such that you think about what has been
conveyed.
And next,
and this is very difficult for most
people, you've got to be responsive.
God's not taking deadbeats into Shamaim.
He is not interested in the oxymoron of
a one-sided relationship.
He is only interested if you're going to
make a contribution.
And then most important of all,
You must be reliable.
You've got to show that if you make
a mistake, you can learn from it.
If you fall, you can get back up.
That your character can be forged in fire
so that he can trust you.
That's a fairly comprehensive analysis,
is it not, of one statement, Ms.
Moore, lyrics to sing Psalm eight, four.
And while I think my my companion here,
the king of the of the cables is
is writing down notes and saying we could
cut a short out of that segment right
there.
It ends at this time stamp and begins
at that time stamp.
Probably what he was doing at the at
the moment I'm looking over there,
Adam probably caught him red handed.
doing so.
The fact is that we're at a place
now where I have given through the,
here's an example of some of them,
of the thirty-five books that are on the
shelf at yadaya.com,
all free in their entirety.
You can read them in page-turner format,
which is really pretty cool.
You can read them in PDF format,
both in their entirety and absolutely
free.
You can read them on your cell phone,
on a tablet, on your computer,
on your television,
however it is comfortable for you.
And also, if you want the paperbacks,
which you see behind me,
you can buy them.
Google my name, Craig Wynn, or...
or at the Yada Yawa series at Amazon,
and you will find the entire series
presented royalty-free.
So you have all those options available to
you in this regard,
and they present the entire swath of what
I'm sharing, and they actually prove it,
providing documented evidence that makes
the case for God irrefutable.
But now,
as we draw close to the Shabuwa harvest,
my job is to
amplify what I have come to know in
a way that might
resonate with you if you're hearing this
for the first time or you're trying to
grow with us.
So I actually have two missions now.
I'm trying to prepare the covenant family
so they're devoted and can make a
contribution now as we enter the last
seven and a half years to inspire them
to know, to grow, to understand,
and to be productive with their lives
because so much is riding on it.
And I know they want to
do things that God will be proud of
and they'll be proud of as we go
forward throughout time and preparing them
to serve mightily as we enter the Garden
of Eden on Sukkah.
But I'm also trying to share things where
you could,
if you're a first-time listener and you're
open-minded and you're not religious,
you would say, you know,
I've heard a lot of people talk about
things that would be called scripture,
but boy, this man's understanding of it,
the insights he is deriving from every
word are so far beyond everyone else.
I posted something today.
It was a rabbi that was making some
absolutely absurd comment about the
creation account.
that it has been my assessment that I
know and understand more about Yahweh,
the Torah, the Bereth covenant,
the Moedim,
restoring witnesses to the eternal
testimony,
and even Dode as the son of God.
I know and understand more about each than
all of the rabbis who have ever lived
and all of the pastors and all of
the priests and all of the popes and
all of the scholars combined
And every day as I listen to somebody
make their case, they prove my point.
So my hope is that you will listen
and that you will gain from this.
The reason that the universe is so big
is partly so that we would know our
place in it and our relative position
within it.
But it actually needs to be big for
us to exist because we're the product of
a second generation star.
We had to have a supernova explosion to
create the heavy elements that comprise
not only our planet, you know,
the universe,
things that are appear to be to be
uh solid and material but also our bodies
are comprised of them we are stardust we
are the residue of an exploding supernova
so we have to be a second generation
uh star we and for all that to
take place we happen to have to be
in a first generation galaxy which is what
our milky way happens to be
And it is so large that these things
could transpire over the time span that is
necessary for them to occur.
And if you say, well,
why would God put up with, you know,
fourteen billion years of of all of this?
Because in the seventh dimension where he
exists way,
way beyond the constraints of of.
being stuck in time it can all play
out in the blink of an eye over
over a long period of time he can
take moments in of it and elongate them
and enjoy them and he can take entire
millennia and they go by in a blink
without him even noticing anything
happened that's pretty cool i don't know
if if you're like me but when i
see something that i think is just really
gorgeous it might be a
A seaside scene because I love the ocean.
It could be maybe a beautiful waterfall,
perhaps a gorgeous sunset.
Perhaps it's a rainbow.
Perhaps it's just a beautiful setting
someplace.
And nature is typically the things that I
value in this way.
Or I'm just in a wonderful place with
someone I dearly love.
I will close my eyes.
after having taken a really comprehensive
gaze at everything,
being as observant and thoughtful as I can
possibly be, trying to absorb everything,
I will then close my eyes and I
will go through my mind and say,
how much of what you saw can you
remember that you can transfer even from
short-term into long-term memory and keep
this as a treasure filed away forever?
and all of the light and the sounds
and the smell and the perspective and the
shadows and feeling yourself in that
environment.
And I got reasonably good at it because
what I was doing was I was curating
something very special and I was helping
myself be able to elongate a moment.
very much like Yahweh can do if he
says, you know,
when you discovered something that was
wonderful about the Torah,
like the greater and lesser luminaries in
Bab Rashid's one,
he can enjoy that moment of discovery,
knowing that we would get there and
saying, yeah, that's my boy.
I knew you'd find it.
That's why it was there for you to
understand.
Or when we come upon,
as we have grown over twenty four years
together and we come upon the final word
picture,
the last Mashal and the thirty first
proverb,
and now it resonates with us and every
aspect of it, every word,
every nuance of it is a celebration of
everything that we have collaborated with
together over these years.
God can take a moment like that and
turn it into a lifetime experience.
So this is part of having an appreciation
of our universe, of time, of light,
of everything that is there.
So scientifically, of course,
there are many more reasons,
all of which are interesting,
including the fact that we are the product
of first generation stars.
does us well to consider why Yahweh
created us and why He continues to relate
to us when He is greater than we
can possibly imagine.
And yet He presents Himself as
approachable, as humble,
as loving and kind.
And yet we are infinitesimally small by
comparison,
which is what God wants to resolve.
He wants us to enable us to make
us essentially infinitely greater than we
are.
And that's the whole.
reason for having the Garden of Eden test
and for us going back to that opportunity
so that we can demonstrate we can be
trusted in this regard.
Because for God to make us immortal and
empowered so that we're more similar in
terms of our knowledge and understanding
and capabilities,
He needs to be able to trust us
at that point.
And that's what this is all about.
That's why I'm glad to have Dode return
to a discussion of mortal man in
comparison to Yahweh and in comparison to
the scope of the universe.
Now, there is another interesting reason,
one that reveals our position within
space-time.
Yahweh calculated the exact amount of
energy required to create the stage for
the kind of life that we enjoy within
the formula of relational time that He
desired.
There's six thousand years exactly that
are going to transpire from the time that
we were
taken out of the garden where God's caused
the fall of man for our benefit to
the time that we'll be allowed back into
the garden on Sukkah for our benefit.
And for all of that to play out
over that period of time,
and with humans having the opportunity to
show that there could be a few of
us,
they're going to get this right and earn
that opportunity.
The universe had to be this large.
And from the perspective of the Creator at
creation, the universe is still six,
twenty-four days old and about to enter
the seventh.
I did the math so that you might
understand it and appreciate it.
Fourteen billion years and six twenty four
hour days from the perspective of the
creator at creation at Big Bang,
which is a term that was the first
to use,
is exactly the same length of time.
Because we now know from the Wilkinson
probe that the residual microwave
radiation from the Big Bang itself has
time dilated.
That's called the dilation of time to tend
to the twelfth power.
So it flows faster than it does on
Earth because of the great velocity and
enormous mass that would have been there
at the time.
And that makes the fourteen billion years
since the light first began to coalesce
into matter and time began to flow equal
to exactly six twenty four hour days.
Take fourteen billion years divided by ten
to the twelfth power.
See what you come to.
Six twenty-four hour days.
Pretty spectacular, isn't it?
In terms of an insight from our God.
It is now,
we are just seven and a half years
shy.
of six thousand years since Adam and Chawa
were expelled from the garden and for
their benefits given them the opportunity
to grow to learn to experience what it
is like to observe to make a contribution
to life and then to fall but yet
get back up wiser for the experience and
we will and now we're in the
first months of twenty twenty six,
and just as I say,
seven and a half years away from Dode's
return with Yahweh and much closer than
that to the Shabuwa harvest.
So the universe,
which is six dimensions with Yahweh
existing in the seventh,
is also replicated through the six steps
that we take to God through the Moedim
leading to the seventh, which is Sukkah.
And the six thousand years that lead us
to this celebration of camping out with
God for a thousand years during Sukkah.
Just as we celebrate the Shabbat each week
in remembrance of that.
It is also the underlying contract of
Shabbuah.
So this includes the four, of course,
when we talk about dimensionality that we
know, which is space-time.
We have height, we have width,
we have depth, and then we have time.
Those are the four dimensions of
space-time.
But we can add to those the unknown
source of separation and that of
attraction.
which are ninety-five percent of the
universal composition.
They're called dark energy and dark matter
only because energy is repellent and
matter is attractive.
And dark means we don't understand what
they are.
We can't see them.
Well, we're going to certainly,
we will certainly understand them.
Well,
at least the one in a million will,
quite soon.
Now,
returning to the question that was posed
by Dode in Psalm eight, four,
as a father, I know the answer,
and that is by design.
Every parent should be able to recognize
the obvious that,
and that Dode has made this personal,
Initially presenting Yahweh's viewpoint
from the perspective of children and now
speaking of the Son of Man,
I'm going to personalize it further.
One of the reasons that I don't attempt
to pray away my struggles with family,
and there are many,
is that without them I would have no
basis upon which to appreciate Yah's
vantage point.
He has dealt with the fracture in the
covenant family and with his people,
the children of Israel,
since their inception.
So while my experience is limited to a
single home and then to the covenant
family,
which I have given birth to and have
overseen in these last years leading to
Yahweh's return,
I'm a decidedly imperfect father that has
enjoyed some wonderful relationships over
time, and I've seen others fracture.
So it wasn't always that way,
but it is by nature.
enduring this and coming to understand the
pain of a fractured family that we can
empathize with God.
That's why Yahweh asked Hosham to marry a
temple prostitute, a religious whore,
so that he would understand the pain that
is caused by Israel,
by Jews being religious and cheating on
God by the false gods of religion and
all that goes along with it.
So God is essentially saying,
what is it with us that it's so
hard for us to perceive these things,
that we also treat each other so poorly,
even within families,
all families are fractured.
Why do we reject God's desire to enrich,
empower,
and liberate us when that is what he
is offering?
So through life experiences,
I have come to appreciate Yahweh struggles
with Israel, with whom he calls his bride.
Just as Yahweh pronounced his divorce from
Israel, now through Hosha,
I also have experienced a divorce.
I divorced my wife of thirty-four years
because I could no longer resolve or
endure what is the
aches and pains of borderline personality
disorder and the resulting propensity to
be dishonest,
mean-spirited and condescending.
It became way too depressing.
I'm sure what Hosha experienced when
married to Gomer.
And
And by being free of that and now
having the opportunity to experience the
kind of love and trust that I have
with Leah, my wife,
now I have a much better appreciation of
what God has endured and is disappointed
by and what he is offering.
Like there was a moment a couple of
years ago when I was witnessing a Muslim's
attack in
southern Israel and the October seventh,
uh, horrid, uh,
attack and all Islamic attack against
God's people that I,
I'm instantly recognized that the best
source of information as to why they did
this was in a book I had written.
Twenty years earlier called prophet of
doom.
Uh,
it's the first book that Yahweh asked me
to, uh, to write in, in terms of,
uh, well,
T with terrorists and prophet of doom
combined to explain the enemy of his
people, Islam.
And,
I knew that that was the best answer
for God's people,
but I also knew it was the only
book that I had not gone back to
correct,
that I hadn't improved over the years with
others, you know,
having rewritten and enhanced them, say,
scores of times over that period.
But this one I had not.
So...
What I wanted to do was continue to
finish Coming Home Three that I was
working on because spending time with Dode
and yeah, it was fun.
Spending time with Allah and Muhammad is
like, you know,
being asked to go down to hell with
them.
They're repulsive.
So I recall telling God,
it's surely Prophet of Doom is good
enough.
You know,
I don't want to go back there.
Let's just make progress with Coming Home.
I don't want to do that.
And God,
just as clearly as I'm talking to you,
said, I've taken care of you.
Now you take care of my people.
Well,
the result is the five volumes now of
Goddamn Religion, all free at yadaya.com.
Completely rewritten from the first word
to the last word and greatly expanded and
improved as a result of that
collaboration.
And I'm glad that we did it.
Now, of course, that it's over.
So I understand what God is frustrated by,
the headaches that we have given him.
But I also know what he is trying
to achieve and how wonderful it is.
It's interesting in all of this is the
need for a restoration,
a renewal of the one and only covenant.
Since according to the Torah,
A man cannot remarry a wife from whom
he is divorced.
It was Yahweh presenting himself as the
husband of Yisrael.
And as a result, they were his children.
And he uses that metaphor.
But it isn't Yahweh that is going to
remarry Yahweh.
Yisrael.
No,
out of the mortal remnant of Yisrael that
returns,
that we cleanse through the sacrifice of
the Adam of Parah.
It is Dode who is the yearning groom
of Numbers five and Yisrael that is the
cleansed bride by way of Numbers nineteen
and the sacrifice of the red heifer so
that it is Dode.
that is going to restore the family with
the family reunion that is going to also
celebrate a marvelous wedding at that
time.
And there will be,
I think there's two weddings at that time.
I don't have absolute proof of this.
Leah and I are both pretty convinced that
on Yom Kippur in year,
there's gonna be two weddings.
I'm going to renew my vows with my
beloved Leah
a Goy and a Yehud coming together.
And the ultimate Yehud and Dod is going
to have a Israelite woman that will be
curated and properly attired for the
wedding by my wife.
And that wedding will also take place
simultaneously.
So it is a marvelous fulfillment of what
is Jeremiah, Jeremiah thirty-one.
So in spite of the perceived difference in
scale and ability that Yahweh has versus a
mortal man,
Yahweh actually created us as close to
Himself as was prudent,
such that we could relate to Him and
He to us without being overwhelmed or
underwhelmed and endowed with these
attributes, particularly with the neshama,
our conscience,
And with the benefits of the covenant and
it enriching and empowering us,
Yahweh will enhance our status,
bringing us to the point where He has
bridged this gap.
through a straightforward transformation
from matter to energy.
That's why we're asked to walk into the
presence of that enlightening fire during
the Moed Mikra because our physical bodies
are transformed into light energy and can
carry our souls in a way that they
are transformed, emancipated,
empowered and enabled.
And we move from
being stuck in three dimensions to four,
five, six,
and seven with infinite increases all
along the way.
read one more passage i my guess is
that we're we are at the uh the
hour mark we don't want to go too
long uh today in this program because we
have a tendency to go fairly long during
our family hour and we're on really
interesting material uh tonight uh but we
did want to get this added program in
so this is what is said next and
it's spoken by dote therefore you speaking
to yahweh
have made him somewhat diminished,
withholding something.
Chesar,
you've caused him to be a little less
empowered,
lacking and thus needing something to
sustain life, slightly lower.
from God, men Elohim, then the Almighty.
And yet you surrounded and enveloped him,
Atar, you crowned him, you honored him,
you enriched him, you embellished him,
providing for him the blessings and
adornments,
the symbols associated with status,
with honor and respect,
with an abundance of riches,
with a powerful presence and a glorious
reward, Kabud,
one of our
fun of dote's favorite words we'll talk
about that in a moment along with the
most appealing attributes valuable
qualities and useful aptitudes ms more
lyrics song to sing eight five wow okay
again i'm what i want to be able
to do is to
expand upon what dote is trying to share
with you i i want to go from
being words that you hear uh you saw
perhaps on your screen as uh as rich
was presenting them along with this
program but what i want you to do
is as now without the words on the
the screen just in your mind's eye i
want you to think about what dote had
to say and maybe you need to close
your eyes even as you process this because
Words are the ultimate tools,
the most powerful implements in the
universe.
They are the very glue of relationships
that bond us together.
They are the medium of thought we think
with words.
They are also, of course,
the essence of communication and the
conduit to knowledge and understanding.
They're powerful, powerful things.
Therefore,
you have made him somewhat diminished,
withholding something.
You can go back to the creation account,
and God said that he created man in
his image.
And the word that he used for image,
teslam,
says that he was created in a lesser
dimension.
He is talking about the difference
between, for example,
my physical body and the shadow that I
might cast.
It reflects, not reflects,
but it's the outline of who I am,
but it's a one dimensional construct where
I am three.
And so it's very much like that word
would be equivalent to the difference
between the blueprint that I drew for this
home and the finished product.
Okay,
so two dimensions becomes three dimensions
or three dimensions becomes two
dimensions.
This is the variation here.
So Dode is onto that.
He understands that we are diminished from
Yahweh.
We have enormous capability,
but we are diminished from who God is.
He is at least a dimension beyond us.
And as it turns out,
we're in three and a half dimensions.
He is in seven.
So he's three and a half dimensions beyond
us.
Each dimension is an increase, by the way,
to an infinitive degree.
So he says,
yet you surrounded and enveloped him,
humankind, with kibbutz.
Kibbutz means capability, abundance,
power, presence, a glorious reward,
honors, great significance.
So we are more significant to God,
at least those of us who are paying
attention to him, thinking about him,
responding to him,
and ensuring ourselves reliable in our
service to him.
We are more valuable to God than all
of the...
galaxies combined that is the level of
respect that actually god has for us you
know we can earn god's respect as dode
figured that out that is a powerful
concept it's something that i didn't know
into our most recent foray back into the
garden because i was trying to understand
uh precisely what god was going
to do when he invited us back?
Why was he inviting us back into the
garden?
To understand that,
you have to understand what took place in
the garden.
And it was there that I discovered that
it wasn't Chawa,
who people mistake as Eve,
who erred by chomping down on a bit
of fruit.
The decision
to cause the fall of man was made
by god before chawa was even created
before the woman was conceived in fact she
was conceived so that man wouldn't
wouldn't be alone post separation and that
it's god that caused the fall and it's
because in that cloistered environment
there was no opportunity for adam to be
anything more than he was he was already
failing
to be observant.
He was failing to be thoughtful.
He was not as God wanted,
which was for him to work,
for him to engage,
for him to respond to God.
And as a result,
God knew that when tested, he would fail,
and he did.
So he couldn't be relied upon.
But we can succeed
where Adam failed.
We can earn God's respect.
And the result is to be bequeathed with
an abundance of riches,
be made vastly more powerful.
And it's a glorious reward if we
demonstrate ourselves worthy of God's
respect.
Now, sure, he's infinitely superior to us.
And you would say,
how in the world can an infinitely
superior being come to respect an
infinitely inferior being?
And the answer is because he designed the
whole system for that outcome.
It is what he wants most of all.
If you think it's prideful for me to
say that I am earning God's respect and
that there are those in the covenant
family who are working every day along
with me,
who have earned and are earning greater
respect with Yahweh.
No,
it's the ultimate way of respecting Yahweh
to say this,
because this is what he's trying to
achieve.
And here's the most important person in
the universe, Dode,
recognizing that God wants to see us as
kabod.
He wants to honor us and respect us.
He wants to lavish an abundance of riches
on us.
He wants us to have a more powerful
presence.
He wants our significance to be
extraordinary.
There is a line that is so important
relative to Kibbutz that is found not only
in second Samuel six,
which is where Mekel,
who is a embittered woman that is the
Dod's first wife
is mockingdowed for dancing in the regalia
of the high priest, the ephod,
but otherwise naked before all Yisrael as
the Ark of the Covenant is being brought
into Yisrael,
orchestrated by Obed-Edom and at God's
direction.
And at the end, she says, you know,
you've embarrassed yourself.
You are not kabud with God or these
people.
particularly with the Amma.
And Dode's response was, okay, well,
I'm going to go to the Amma and
we'll see what the Amma have to say
about whether or not I'm kabut or not.
And it is prophetic of the fact that
Dode would meet with Yahweh's Amma.
She is the most productive of women.
And that is the message of and the
portrait that is painted in the final word
picture in the thirty-first mashal,
which we're going to continue on our
evening program.
And in there,
there is also her telling Dode that you
need to reclaim your kibbutz with God,
your significance.
You are the most significant person in the
world.
You need to man up at this point.
You made a mistake.
Let's own it.
Let's grow beyond it.
Let's show God that you can be trusted
and relied upon.
And then you can fulfill in the world.
It's taken to a better place and we
return to Eden.
And so what I learned by that whole
process is that this was the failure of
Eden,
which is why God caused the fall of
man so that we would have the opportunity
to demonstrate that we could be observant,
that we could be thoughtful,
that we could be responsive and that we
could be reliable.
And so recognizing that.
there would be a number of people that
would prove it as we approach this return
of yahweh and they'll be harvested on
shabuwa and they will return to be the
mentors and the teachers of the our return
to eden where there'll be a thousand years
to work with the mortal remnant of israel
and with some goyim as well and to
model the kind of
responsibility,
the kind of aptitude and attitude that God
is looking for so that they can join
those of us who God's going to trust
to empower and enrich so we can go
off and explore that universe together.
That's the purpose of being brought back
into Gan Eden,
a thousand years to model this,
to get it right.
So there will be
numerous people that can enjoy i dote as
their king and grow from the tree of
knowledge so the most appealing attributes
and the most valuable qualities and useful
aptitudes are all being offered to us so
that we can gain them by being observant
by being thoughtful
by listening to God,
by processing the information that He has
given us so that we come to Yadah
know, we come to be in, understand.
And then we come to Asha, we engage,
we act, we do, we make a contribution.
We're about the family business.
that ultimately as we're growing together
with god just as the case with dote
his beloved son when we trip and fall
we get back up when we make a
mistake we learn from it and grow past
it and are wiser and better for the
experience we show god that we can be
trusted and when we can be trusted he's
put in a position where he can respect
us to the degree necessary to bridge that
gap that
Dode is talking about here so that we
can go travel and explore the stars with
their creator.
And that is the message of Ms.
Moore Lyrics to Sing, Psalm.
Eight, three, four, and five.
So until this evening,
many hours from now at what is five
o'clock Eastern Standard Time,
six o'clock here in the middle of the
Caribbean Sea,
we look forward to returning with you and
exploring more that we can learn from the
word of our God.
Good day.